---
layout: post
title: "Welcome to My blog!"
categories: journal
tags: [documentation,sample,intro]
image:
  feature: https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/F4Buazha62-_GTazc_o6dflFgHA1H6tgvPyGmbzz1xjGegK6f5tuAp9PlpD_lenQohkFlDCpDknxxCJ-RMXFfDQn5TUzPKol6jsBZtRvvnvZ_mQ7-epKS0VymxHU5VyE1rObwMI
  teaser: mountains-teaser.jpg
  credit: Death to Stock Photo
  creditlink: ""
---

<!--
Need to fix image embed...currently, CTRLQ doesn't support the size that I need for the website (max-width at 512px). May be able to use a workaround with Google Drive (https://confluence.biola.edu/display/itservices/How+to+Embed+Images+from+Google+Drive+in+a+Web+Page)
-->

# First Things First

Hello! And welcome to my blog. The purpose of this blog is primarily to share my free and open thoughts that I have in the course of my travels.

### Travel Blog

I expect to primarily share about my experience in various cities and countries for those who expect to visit the places to which I have travelled - currency exchange and what to expect in terms of general prices, some culture tips and do’s/don’ts, explanation of local foods and some restaurant or food recommendations, couchsurfing and hitchhiking culture, tourist attractions and recommended museums.

### Personal Thoughts

I also intend to share some of my thoughts while I travel including random train of thought articles and things that pertain to - either differences, similarities, or both - the United States or Western Europe. I also hope to share some profiles about individuals I may meet along the way who leave a particular impression on me.

### Read Me!

I’m sure that many of my writings will be short; however, I hope that at least a few of my travel recommendations will be long. I am particularly interested in writing for my family and friends, and also for young individuals who might want to or be interested in traveling the way and to the places I find intriguing.

### Open to Recommendations!

I hope all of you will find my thoughts and writing interesting. Please feel free to write to me about recommendations you might have for places that I’ve written about, places you think I should travel, or just feedback about what I’ve written.

Thank you all! I hope to see many of you sometime soon in your home, in my home, or on the road.

Safe travels and happy surfing!

Josh S
